With that bug fixed in the last lecture, let's go back to the thing we were working on, modules.
We created the post module already,
now there's one other section we have and that's our auth section,
let's create an auth module too.
Now in that auth module, I'll put my auth related components. By the way, if you're wondering why I don't
put my services in there, it is recommended to inject services on the root level,
thanks to this @injectable provided in root thing, Angular will automatically load this in a very
efficient way and you can get unwanted side effects like different service instances
if you do provide them on a module level.
So really, you shouldn't do that,
let's instead provide or declare our components there.
So in the auth module, I'll export a class, AuthModule and I will add my @ngModule decorator. This decorator
of course needs to be imported,
so let's import ngModule from @angular/core
and with that, let's configure that decorator. Let's add declarations here
and which components do I want to declare here?
Well I want to declare my login and sign-up component, so I will cut it from the app module and move it
to my auth module here
and of course, I will also need to bring the imports then.
So let's go to the top of the that file and use the login and sign-up component import, cut it from the
app module and move them to the auth module.
Here at the top, the paths need to be adjusted again
because we already are in the auth folder,
so now this is looking good.
The red squiggly lines here by the way can be ignored,
this is just an IDE display bug right now,
this file is actually all right.
So now we are declaring these components.
Now they will require some other modules to work correctly, like the Angular material module which we
also should import,
so let's add an import here
import Angular material module from
and now let's go up a level and import the Angular material module from there.
We will also need that common module which I also use before which is imported from @angular/common
to unlock ngIf and so on
and in this module here,
we also use the template driven forms approach. So we can actually remove the forms module from the app
module and remove the import therefore entirely and instead add it to the auth module because this is
where we use it.
So here, I will add my forms module and also the import from @angular/forms.
So now with that, let's give it a try,
let's go back to the app and reload it and we get an error, that the logging component is not part of
ngModule.
Well that makes sense,
we need to add auth module to our app module of course.
So here, let's import auth module and we need to add that import path,
so let's import auth module from ./auth and there, the auth.module
without .ts,
just auth.module with the dot in between, like this.
So now we're importing this and this is looking good.
Now let's try logging in and see if that works or if we got any issues here.
It's looking good,
logging out, signing up, we can navigate to that page.
So our application is now working again
and now we also got that auth module set up.
Now we're not done yet though,
we can use these modules for something cool which will not only affect our code as it is currently doing
it but which will also affect our runtime performance.